README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  
# Hi there, I'm Amine Mahjoub! 👋

[![Visitor Badge](https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=eminemahjoub)](https://github.com/eminemahjoub)

A passionate **Computer Science Student** and **Software Developer** focused on web development, AI, and innovative tech solutions. Co-Founder of the Tunisian IT Community and Official UbuntuTN Member. Aspiring entrepreneur building the future one line of code at a time.

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=eminemahjoub&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat-square)

</div>

---

## 🌟 About Me
Hello! I'm Amine Mahjoub, a dynamic Computer Science student at the Faculty of Sciences in Gafsa, Tunisia. With a keen interest in web development, artificial intelligence, and blockchain, I love creating impactful applications that solve real-world problems. As Co-Founder of the Tunisian IT Community and an active UbuntuTN member, I'm committed to fostering tech growth in Tunisia.

- 🔭 **Currently working on:** AI-enhanced tools and multivendor platforms.
- 🌱 **Learning:** Advanced AI models and full-stack blockchain integrations.
- 💬 **Ask me about:** Python for AI, web dev best practices, or community building in tech.
- ⚡ **Fun fact:** I've turned open-source contributions into lasting community connections!

📍 **Based in:** Gafsa, Tunisia  
🌐 **Personal Website:** [aminemahjoub.tech](https://aminemahjoub.tech)

### Quick Stats
![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=eminemahjoub&theme=radical&hide_border=true)

---

## 💼 Tech Stack
### Languages & Frameworks
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.x-blue?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-ES6%2B-yellow?logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![HTML/CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5/CSS3-orange?logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-4.x-green?logo=django&logoColor=white) <!-- Assumed from projects -->

### Tools & Platforms
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-22.04-orange?logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-2.x-red?logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-24-blue?logo=docker&logoColor=white)

### Skills Snapshot
- **Web Dev:** Full-Stack Development, APIs, Responsive Design
- **AI/ML:** Text-to-Speech, Intelligent Systems
- **Other:** Blockchain Basics, Community Management, Entrepreneurship

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects
Diving into code that matters – explore my repositories!

| Project | Description | Tech Stack | Stars |
|---------|-------------|------------|-------|
| [Dawini](https://github.com/eminemahjoub/Dawini) | An innovative online pharmacy multivendor platform for seamless e-commerce in healthcare. | Full-Stack Web (JS/Python) | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/eminemahjoub/Dawini?style=social) |
| [pdf-voice-reader](https://github.com/eminemahjoub/pdf-voice-reader) | A Python-based PDF reader with integrated text-to-speech for accessible document navigation. | Python, TTS Libraries | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/eminemahjoub/pdf-voice-reader?style=social) |

<!-- Add more projects as they grow! -->

---

## 📈 GitHub Insights
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=eminemahjoub&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true" alt="Stats" width="48%" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=eminemahjoub&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" width="48%" />
</div>

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect!
Excited about collaborations in AI, web tech, or Tunisian open-source initiatives? Let's chat!

- 📧 **Email:** [eminmahjoub@gmail.com](mailto:eminmahjoub@gmail.com)
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [Amine Mahjoub](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eminemahjoub/)
- 🐦 **X (Twitter):** [@eminemahjoub](https://twitter.com/eminemahjoub) <!-- Update if available -->
- 🌐 **Website:** [aminemahjoub.tech](https://aminemahjoub.tech)

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=eminemahjoub&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile Views" />
</div>

---

**Last Updated:** November 09, 2025

---

> *"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."* – Steve Jobs  
*(Driving my passion for tech entrepreneurship)*

Commit message:

Revise README content and project details
Updated personal introduction and project descriptions in README.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  
# Hi there, I'm Amine Mahjoub! 👋

[![Visitor Badge](https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=eminemahjoub)](https://github.com/eminemahjoub)

A passionate **Computer Science Student** and **Software Developer** focused on web development, AI, and innovative tech solutions. Co-Founder of the Tunisian IT Community and Official UbuntuTN Member. Aspiring entrepreneur building the future one line of code at a time.

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=eminemahjoub&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat-square)

</div>

---

## 🌟 About Me
Hi 👋, I'm Amine Mahjoub. Aspiring Entrepreneur, Web developer. Currently working on AI Assistance. Learning Web3.

Hello! I'm a dynamic Computer Science student at the Faculty of Sciences in Gafsa, Tunisia. With a keen interest in web development, artificial intelligence, and blockchain, I love creating impactful applications that solve real-world problems. As Co-Founder of the Tunisian IT Community and an active UbuntuTN member, I'm committed to fostering tech growth in Tunisia.

- 🔭 **Currently working on:** AI-enhanced tools and multivendor platforms.
- 🌱 **Learning:** Advanced AI models and full-stack blockchain integrations.
- 💬 **Ask me about:** Python for AI, web dev best practices, or community building in tech.
- ⚡ **Fun fact:** I Think I AM Funny!

📍 **Based in:** Gafsa, Tunisia  
🌐 **Personal Website:** [aminemahjoub.tech](https://aminemahjoub.tech)

### Quick Stats
![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=eminemahjoub&theme=radical&hide_border=true)

---

## 💼 Tech Stack
### Languages & Frameworks
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.x-blue?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-ES6%2B-yellow?logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![HTML/CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5/CSS3-orange?logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-4.x-green?logo=django&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Platforms
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-22.04-orange?logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-2.x-red?logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-24-blue?logo=docker&logoColor=white)

### Skills Snapshot
- **Web Dev:** Full-Stack Development, APIs, Responsive Design
- **AI/ML:** Text-to-Speech, Intelligent Systems
- **Other:** Blockchain Basics, Community Management, Entrepreneurship

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects
Diving into code that matters – explore my pinned repositories!

| Project | Description | Tech Stack | Stars |
|---------|-------------|------------|-------|
| [malware-scanner](https://github.com/eminemahjoub/malware-scanner) | A Python-based tool for scanning websites, identifying vulnerabilities, and testing for SQL injection. For educational and authorized security testing. | Python | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/eminemahjoub/malware-scanner?style=social) |
| [pdf-voice-reader](https://github.com/eminemahjoub/pdf-voice-reader) | A Python application for seamless PDF viewing with enhanced text-to-speech capabilities. | Python, TTS Libraries | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/eminemahjoub/pdf-voice-reader?style=social) |
| [Dawini](https://github.com/eminemahjoub/Dawini) | An online pharmacy multivendor platform. | JavaScript | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/eminemahjoub/Dawini?style=social) |
| [env-checker](https://github.com/eminemahjoub/env-checker) | A CLI tool to check, generate, and sync .env files in Node.js projects easily. | JavaScript | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/eminemahjoub/env-checker?style=social) |
| [cv-builder](https://github.com/eminemahjoub/cv-builder) | A tool for building professional CVs. | JavaScript | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/eminemahjoub/cv-builder?style=social) |
| [ProdigyAI](https://github.com/eminemahjoub/ProdigyAI) | An AI agent designed to help users manage their daily tasks, schedules, and workflows. | Python | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/eminemahjoub/ProdigyAI?style=social) |

---

## 📈 GitHub Insights
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=eminemahjoub&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true" alt="Stats" width="48%" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=eminemahjoub&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" width="48%" />
</div>

![GitHub Trophies](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=eminemahjoub&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect!
Excited about collaborations in AI, web tech, or Tunisian open-source initiatives? Let's chat!

- 📧 **Email:** eminmahjoub@gmail.com
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [Amine Mahjoub](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eminemahjoub/)
- 🐦 **X (Twitter):** [@eminemahjoub](https://twitter.com/eminemahjoub) <!-- Update if available -->
- 🌐 **Website:** [aminemahjoub.tech](https://aminemahjoub.tech)

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=eminemahjoub&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile Views" />
</div>


> *"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."* – Steve Jobs  
*(Driving my passion for tech entrepreneurship)*
